knowing that I've been closed so many
times made me more motivated I think to
to go for the win this if any tournament
this is the one you don't want to come
second in yeah
but I wasn't putting too much pressure
on myself I think I I didn't want to go
in with the mentality that whatever
happens happens
because I don't think that's a good
mentality to have but I knew at the end
of the day you can only do your best and
if it doesn't work out it doesn't work
out but I also knew that I wanted to
make everything I possibly could to put
myself in the best position to win
because I knew that this was a
once-in-a-lifetime shot and it was meant
to be once we once we walked into the
final table it was like a circus yeah
yeah you know 200 Brazilians screaming
and then even more from Massachusetts
which which is where Billy Pappas is
from he had an even bigger rail than the
Brazilians and I don't think anyone
expected that so everyone everyone
seemed to have brought their whole town
crazy yeah but I probably had the
smallest rail of anyone have but it
wasn't something that really bothered me
I know I was there for for one reason
only and that was to win and obviously I
wanted my closest friends and my family
there too to be able to celebrate that
moment and to experience it just like I
did but I didn't I didn't let the
atmosphere bother me too much it's
always nice to see people are getting
knocked out cuz you know you you're one
step closer to the goal which is winning
and and you're also moving up and paid
ounce which is nice so you always want
to see people get knocked out from final
tables I try not to get too affected
about it you know it's just
it's just part of the part of the game
part of the part of the final table so I
tried to just take one one hand at a
time just like in the early stages of a
tournament to take one level or one day
at a time but at the final table just
take one hand at a time but before the
second day I had lunch with some of my
friends who are we're also coaching me
and we discussed what what Felix and
that George's game plan was going to be
and so we could apply that or to my game
plan as to find out what the best best
approach would be and how we were gonna
win this thing I don't know if it was
the opponents of my choice and
necessarily by that yeah it is it is
what it is and now just get a focus on
these two opponents because no nothing
else matters at this point and I had a
pretty decent stack to to work with so
but I knew that at this point like
anything could happen you know playing
three ended there's there's a lot of
variance involved and that yeah I was
just really excited to see how it played
out
I remembered the final hand quite well
obviously got it in get it in good and
went over to my rail and was looking at
the screen I see the 10 in the window
but then de yeah there's also 9 but I
know that he he's drawing pretty pretty
thin at this point so I I walk over and
shake felix hand because I know that my
rail was probably against toward the
table then all of a sudden it's all over
and it just fails it was a it was a
really weird moment for me because I'd
been focusing so hard for this
tournament for the last four months and
especially at the final table I I really
made sure to not get emotional at any
so to to go from that to all of a sudden
it's over and you're supposed to be the
happiest men on the planet because she
just won the main event and ten million
dollars it was really hard to make that
switch so I just see all my friends and
they're out of control all happy and
like I've never seen I've never seen any
of them so happy before so I was kind of
like enjoying their happiness but for me
personally I had really hard to to like
feel too much at that point I would say
to uh to see my friends and family's
happiness and to be able to to share
this moment with them was was definitely
the highlight of all of this like that's
a that's a memory I'll never forget even
though I myself had a hard time to
realize what I've done and what it
actually means yeah I mean it's a it's a
memory for life and I feel really
fortunate to have experienced session to
be honest it hasn't really settled in
yet
I think since since I wasn't able to
make that switch on tonight it's just
been like slowly progressing and I'm
slowly starting to realize that I
actually won but I never got that
feeling you know that I maybe I've
gotten from winning like smaller
tournaments or even you know my started
out playing I got a third place once
which was yeah huge for me back then so
I think I felt a bigger satisfaction and
happiness through other moments than
you've been winning the main event as
crazy as that sounds it's just like yeah
it's really hard for me to cope with to
realize and and to get myself credit for
winning such a big tournament
it just feels it still feels surreal